1. What is Logging?
Logging is the process of recording application events or messages at runtime. It's very important for:

Debugging: It helps you track down issues or bugs.

Monitoring: Helps you understand how your application behaves in production.

Auditing: To keep track of user activities or sensitive operations.

Logging can be done at various levels of detail, and it's common to use different levels depending on the severity of the event, such as:

INFO: For general events, like user logins or processing requests.

DEBUG: For detailed information useful for debugging (e.g., variables' values, flow of execution).

ERROR: When an error occurs (e.g., exceptions or failed operations).

2. SLF4J and Logback

2.1 SLF4J (Simple Logging Facade for Java) is an abstraction layer for logging. It provides a simple interface to
    various logging frameworks (Logback, Log4j, etc.), so you can swap logging implementations without changing your code.

2.2 Logback is a popular logging framework for Java applications. It's often used in combination with
    SLF4J in Spring Boot projects.

Spring Boot uses SLF4J with Logback as the default logging framework. You don't have to do anything special to
get started with logging in a Spring Boot application, as they are already included.

3. How Does Logging Work in Spring Boot?
Spring Boot comes pre-configured with SLF4J and Logback, so you can start using them right away.
The default logging configuration logs messages to the console and to a log file (spring.log).

You can write log messages using SLF4J’s Logger API and Logback will manage how they are outputted.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4. How to Use Logging in Spring Boot?
Step 1: Add Logger to Your Class
To log messages, you need to declare a logger in your class.

In Java, you do this by using LoggerFactory to create a logger instance. It’s usually declared as a static final field.

🔹 Step-by-Step: Using Logging in Spring Boot

1. Import the Logger
Use org.slf4j.Logger and LoggerFactory:
import org.slf4j.Logger;
import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory;

2. Create a Logger Instance
Inside your class:
private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(YourClassName.class);

3. Log at Different Levels
log.trace("This is a TRACE log");
log.debug("This is a DEBUG log");
log.info("This is an INFO log");
log.warn("This is a WARN log");
log.error("This is an ERROR log");


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Logging (General Concept):
Definition: "Logging" refers to the practice of recording events, messages, and information about the runtime behavior
of a program, typically for purposes such as debugging, monitoring, and troubleshooting.

Purpose: The goal of logging is to capture and report events that occur during the execution of a program. This
information can help developers track down bugs, understand the flow of the application, or monitor the health of an application in production.

Log Levels: Logging is done using various levels like INFO, ERROR, DEBUG, WARN, etc., to categorize the severity
or importance of the logged messages.

Technologies: Logging can be implemented using different frameworks or libraries in various programming languages.
In Java, common logging APIs include Java Util Logging, Log4j, SLF4J, and Logback.

Example: Logging is a concept, and it doesn't refer to a specific tool or library. When we say "logging," we might
be talking about the act of writing messages to a file, database, or console.

Key Points:

Logging refers to the action of recording events or messages.

Can be implemented using different libraries or tools (like SLF4J, Log4j, Java Util Logging, etc.).

Focuses on capturing and managing runtime information in an application.


//LogBack i have to implement till i have implement only the Logging

2. Logback (Specific Logging Framework):
Definition: Logback is a specific, highly-efficient logging framework for Java applications. It is often used
in conjunction with SLF4J (Simple Logging Facade for Java) as its logging backend.

Purpose: Logback is a logging implementation that provides advanced features for logging in Java, including
efficient log file management, asynchronous logging, MDC (Mapped Diagnostic Context), and rolling log files.

Logback vs Log4j: Logback is the successor to Log4j and is often considered superior in terms of performance,
configuration, and features.

Features:

Asynchronous logging (improves performance).

File rotation and archiving (automatic log file management).

MDC support (helps track contextual information across logs, like session IDs, user IDs).

Flexible configuration (using XML or Groovy files).

SLF4J integration (works seamlessly with SLF4J, so you can switch backends without changing your code).

Configuration: Logback is typically configured using an XML (logback.xml) or Groovy (logback.groovy)
configuration file where you define logging levels, appenders, and other settings.

Example: Logback is a framework that you can use to implement logging in your Java application. It's
an implementation that provides the mechanics and functionality for how the logs will be written, formatted, and stored.

Key Points:

Logback is a specific logging framework used for implementing logging in Java applications.

It provides a powerful set of features for managing logs (e.g., rolling files, asynchronous logging, MDC).

It is used with SLF4J, which provides a common interface for logging in Java.